then he called out in my hearing with a
loud voice let those who have charged
over the city draw near each with a
deadly weapon in his hand and suddenly
six men came from the direction of the
upper gate which faces north each with
his battle axe in his hand one man among
them was clothed with linen and had a
writer's inkhorn at his side they went
in and stood beside the bronze altar now
the glory of the God of Israel had gone
up from the cherub where it had been to
the threshold of the temple and he
called to the man clothed with linen who
had the writer's inkhorn at his side go
through the midst of the city through
the midst of Jerusalem and put a mark on
the foreheads of the men who sigh and
cry over all the abominations that are
done within it to the others he said in
my hearing go after him through the city
and killed
do not let your eye spare nor have any
pity utterly slay old and young men
maidens and little children and women
but do not come near anyone on whom is
the mark and begin at my century so they
began with the elders who were before
the temple then he said to them defile
the temple and fill the courts with the
slain go out and they went out and
killed in the city
so it was that while they were killing
them I was left alone and I fell on my
face and cried out and said haha
Lord God will you destroy all the
remnant of Israel in pouring out your
fury on Jerusalem
the iniquity of the house of Israel and
Judah is exceedingly great and the land
is full of bloodshed and the city full
of perversity for they say the Lord has
forsaken the land and the Lord does not
see and as for me also my I will neither
spare nor will I have pity but I will
recompense their deeds on their only
just then the man clothed with linen who
had the ink worn at his side reported
back I have done as you commanded me